1) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

A)   Solving a bug this way made it easy because their was an old file to look as a reference.

2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

A)    Having a history of a file makes it less tedious to restore data to previous state incase 	  of major problem.

3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

A)    Pros:
	 1) Commiting manually offers flexibility for saving the file at any time
	 thus making it clear to read and understand.

	 Cons:
	 1) Sometimes if we fail to save the file manually then it'll be cumbersome to iterate 
	 the file over

4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A)   Saving a group of files that relate to the same project at once will be helpful
because for every save the state of the project will be same because of interrelated files
while others like Google Docs, treat the files seperately because their will be no interrelated files that should be taken care of while making a change to single file.

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A)   GIT LOG is used to keep track of different versions of the files. While, GIT DIFF is used to
	compare file changes between two versions.

6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

A)   If something fails accidentally then with the version control we always have the safe old version to restore and check any bug by comparison using git Diff.

7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A)    Now i want to properly control various version of my project in a professional way using GIT.